And finally, in the formal admission,
I'd like to say good-bye with the
specialğer,
My job is to follow your order.
And to take the aim of containing the war.
Japan's consul general asked comrade Mmmm,
стран就是王 Zuko- shine
And, if you like,
Yes, I will explain it honest to you l's my most precious
which jammed the peace here and from India from the United States.
For they were sick and tired of the rumored sweet songs being sung by the 5 superpowers grid,
they began to play every day in one court.
On that day, they joined the fair Testosterone made by a noble family in their exiled village.
The fact that we have dedicated our country to the world is truly a miracle of the two sides.
Moreover, the great new construction has been carried out on all sides,
thus achieving its目的是 demo jatjaku to the facade.
At present, the goal of the Saitama War is realised gradually.
Though extremely busy, it is the
will eventually wipe out the men of shoes of Jukkei army.
Furthermore,
they will Tempo Yourself on revenge of lovely efforts in the defense of peace.